16 Proposed Methodology
Word Count and Character Length Analysis:
The process of word count and character length analysis begins at step 6. The process of
dataset quality assessment started after we completed the cleaning process through descriptive statistics. The study calculated word count metrics through five measurements which
include mean, median, standard deviation, minimum, and maximum values. The researchers
conducted character-level length analysis as part of their study to measure how much text differs from each other. The dataset contained three different review lengths which researchers
used to assess their personas and create new ones.
Review Length Distribution Analysis:
The cleaned reviews were categorized into three word count groups which include short (3
to 9 words), medium (10 to 49 words), and long (50 plus words). The distribution analysis
showed how people communicate through their writing while confirming that the dataset
contained authentic user content variations.
Data Quality Validation and Storage:
The team stored the cleaned and validated dataset in a structured format which will support
upcoming steps of persona discovery and model training and retrieval-augmented generation.
The processing system maintained substantial quantities of vital data because it managed to
enhance the quality and consistency of textual content.
Remove emoticons, hashtags, punctuation, null values, and numbers:
Mentions, hashtags, and numbers could be present in the review data. While punctuation
is typically used to compose a sentence, it can also emphasize a word or phrase. Therefore,
each of these terms must be removed. Table 3.1 illustrates the data before and after this
cleaning process.
Table 3.1 Cleaning the data with the Regex content removed
Sample Text After Cleaned Data
িক সুন্দর একটা িসেনমা,,,,,,,,,!! আিম
েছাটেবলায় এই িসেনমাটা েদেখিছলাম। 😊
িক সুন্দর একটা িসেনমা আিম েছাটেবলায় এই
িসেনমাটা েদেখিছলাম
#অহংকার পতেনর মূল ",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,ছিবেত
এটাই ফুেট উেঠেছ।
অহংকার পতেনর মূল ছিবেত এটাই ফুেট উেঠেছ